Update developer guide (contacts) (#88)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-T10-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

- A `UniquePersonList` object holds all the `Person` objects in Plannit.
  - This `UniquePersonList` object is stored in the `AddressBook` class.
- The `ModelManager` class stores a filtered list of `Person` objects, which is the list used to determine which
`Person` objects to display on the GUI.

#### Delete Person Feature
One feature related to contacts is the delete person feature, where a contact is deleted from Plannit. This 
particular feature is highlighted because its implementation involves additional interactions with the `Module` 
component.

#### Implementation of delete person feature
The delete person mechanism is facilitated by `DeletePersonCommand` and `DeletePersonCommandParser`.
`DeletePersonCommandParser` parses the user input in a meaningful way and uses it to create a `DeletePersonCommand`.
`DeletePersonCommand` then calls the `Model#deletePerson()` operation, which in turn calls
`AddressBook#removePerson()` to delete a contact in Plannit.

Given below is an example usage scenario and how the delete person mechanism behaves at each step.

> Step 1. There currently exists 3 persons in Plannit, with 2 of them already added to a module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1. There currently exists 3 `Person` objects in Plannit, with 2 of them already added to a module.
```

- A `UniquePersonList` object holds all the `Person` objects in Plannit.
  - This `UniquePersonList` object is stored in the `AddressBook` class.
- The `ModelManager` class stores a filtered list of `Person` objects, which is the list used to determine which
`Person` objects to display on the GUI.

#### Delete Person Feature
One feature related to contacts is the delete person feature, where a contact is deleted from Plannit. This 
particular feature is highlighted because its implementation involves additional interactions with the `Module` 
component.

#### Implementation of delete person feature
The delete person mechanism is facilitated by `DeletePersonCommand` and `DeletePersonCommandParser`.
`DeletePersonCommandParser` parses the user input in a meaningful way and uses it to create a `DeletePersonCommand`.
`DeletePersonCommand` then calls the `Model#deletePerson()` operation, which in turn calls
`AddressBook#removePerson()` to delete a contact in Plannit.

Given below is an example usage scenario and how the delete person mechanism behaves at each step.

> Step 1. There currently exists some persons added to a Module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Step 1. There currently exists some persons added to a Module.
```
Would like to seek some clarification regarding this line. 😅 There seem to be a slight deviation from initial state where contacts can be added even without being associated to a module.

![DeletePersonStep1ObjectDiagram](images/DeletePersonStep1ObjectDiagram.png)

Step 2. The user executes `delete-person 2` command and this creates a `deletePersonCommand` to delete the 2nd person 
(that is currently displayed on the GUI) in the address book. Upon execution, `UniqueModuleList#removePersonFromModules

> ()` and `UniquePersonList#remove()` are eventually called. `UniqueModuleList#removePersonFromModules()` removes all 

Reviewer 2: Notice the use of UniquePersonList#remove() vs the one in @teoyuqi (LogicManager::execute) Perhaps we can discuss on which symbol to adopt in future iteration
